java/datastructures/lib/src/main/java/datastructures/stack/ReadMe.md, before:

# Stack Challenge
Create a Stack class that has a top property. It creates an empty Stack when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to top when the stack is created.
The class should contain the following methods:
push
Arguments: value
adds a new node with that value to the top of the stack with an O(1) Time performance.
pop
Arguments: none
Returns: the value from node from the top of the stack
Removes the node from the top of the stack
Should raise exception when called on empty stack
peek
Arguments: none
Returns: Value of the node located at the top of the stack
Should raise exception when called on empty stack
is empty
Arguments: none
Returns: Boolean indicating whether or not the stack is empty.

## Whiteboard Process
<!-- Embedded whiteboard image -->

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->

## Solution
<!-- Show how to run your code, and examples of it in action -->

Commit message:

added bracket validation whiteboard challenge13

java/datastructures/lib/src/main/java/datastructures/stack/ReadMe.md, after:

# Stack Challenge
Create a Stack class that has a top property. It creates an empty Stack when instantiated.
This object should be aware of a default empty value assigned to top when the stack is created.
The class should contain the following methods:
push
Arguments: value
adds a new node with that value to the top of the stack with an O(1) Time performance.
pop
Arguments: none
Returns: the value from node from the top of the stack
Removes the node from the top of the stack
Should raise exception when called on empty stack
peek
Arguments: none
Returns: Value of the node located at the top of the stack
Should raise exception when called on empty stack
is empty
Arguments: none
Returns: Boolean indicating whether the stack is empty.

# BracketValidation
Write a function called validate brackets
Arguments: string
Return: boolean
representing whether the brackets in the string are balanced or not

## Whiteboard Process
- [BracketValidation Whiteboard](BracketValidation.png)

## Approach & Efficiency
<!-- What approach did you take? Why? What is the Big O space/time for this approach? -->

## Solution
<!-- Show how to run your code, and examples of it in action -->
